Create a webpage for a restraunt where - 
1. Header should be present
2. Set image as background and adjust it's opacity
3. Create a slide show of 5 images of the top dishes
4. Create 2 cards which includes images of dishes, customers can order- include ADD button, when a user clicks on it - a para should display count of item added 



Create a form and apply events on it
1. Name should be displayed in a paragraph
2. Create a dropdown of subjects display which is chosen through a para
3. apply an event through which when user submits the form, submit button should change it's color and text should change to Submitted.



Create 2 divs, 1 should include welcome message for user. Another should display some image. Include transition for welcome message and animation for image.



Create an attendance maintenance system. Current attendance is 10 Lectures, check the new attendance if lectures attended or not attended, show the result eligible to give exams or not. Threshold value is 20 lectures, Total value is 40 lectures.


Prepare one employee and salary management system using classes, display the details of the employee, emp id, department, salary. Store details of 4 different employees. Calculate the total salaries of all employees, if salary of 1 employee is updated, the total should change.




Design a page create a contact form for college event
1. Include atleast 2 - label and 2 input types
2. form can be reset after filling
3. Include an image on the page, apply display toggle on it
4. When user will enter the date in form, it should be stored in an ul
5. Change the style of 2 paragraphs, which are having 1 class "myClass".



Create a div with id  - "one" add css for that div with the help of DOM manipulation
Search for CSS filters and app it with DOM manipulation.



Prepare a file app.js to display the result of 3 different subjects French, English, Java, Use Module Bundling



Develop a simple appointment management system using js to practice DOM manipulation and event handling. Create a form that allows users to enter appointment details such as Name, Date, and Time. When the form is submitted, the appointment should be dynamically added to a schedule displayed on the web page. Each appointment in the schedule should include a Delete button that allows users to remove the appointment from the list. This activity should demonstrate handling form events and updating DOM elements dynamically.


Create an interface to work with object named Products
Include properties like:
Name of Product
Price of Product
Category of Product
color
display details of 2 products on the browser